I will give you a short history of the Ben Thompson banjo, which I now hold in my hand.
Back in the early 70s, Ben Thompson, a Texas noted character, was in Mexico in a gambling house and got involved in a scrape with a Mexican and killed him.
And they put him in jail.
President Diaz
A friend of Ben Thompson, next morning when he found his friend was in jail, he pardoned him out and presented him with a banjo, knowing that Ben Thompson was a good banjo player.
Ben brought the banjo back, and I as a boy played on this banjo and taught his daughter, Katie, how to play green corn.
Years went by, and after Ben's death, Mrs. Thompson pawned the banjo with J.A.
Jackson's pawn shop
I passed along and recognized the banjo through its case and bought it.
And I now have the Ben Thompson banjo.
I am J.D.
Dillingham of Austin, Texas, and will play you Green Corn, the tune that I learned Katie Thompson to play.
Just a moment.
I'm all out of tune.
Step shut it off, thanks.
Thank you.
Oh, stand still, stand still.
There's no time for running.
If you look up on the hillsides, you must come and run.
And will the strings are going to lead you on the level.
Tell you, boy, if you don't mind, you're going to get the devil.
Bring on, bring on, bring on.
Oh, my lady, girl, don't forget the hot corn.
Oh, my lady.
Oh, here's the cat to chase the rat from the table to the sack.
Stack the peel upon its back of the yellow girl and top of that.
Bring on, bring along, bring on your dingy john.
Oh, my little girl, don't forget the hot corn.
Oh, stand up.